[docs] Add SSR section (#880)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/docs/ssr/dom-emulation.md

---
title: Lit SSR DOM emulation
eleventyNavigation:
  key: DOM emulation
  parent: Server rendering
  order: 6
---

{% labs-disclaimer %}

> Only the minimal DOM interfaces needed for `lit-html` and `LitElement` to boot are implemented, which are mostly base classes for extension, and a roughly functioning `CustomElementRegistry`.

Reviewer: Edits for clarity
```suggestion
In the DOM shim that ships with Lit SSR, only the minimal DOM interfaces needed to define and register components are implemented. These include a few key DOM classes and a roughly functioning `CustomElementRegistry`.
```

| Property | Notes |
|-|-|
| `Element` | ⚠️ Empty class |
| `HTMLElement` | ⚠️ Partial <table><tbody><tr><td>`attributes`</td><td>✅</td><tr><td>`shadowRoot`</td><td>✅</td><tr><td>`setAttribute()`</td><td>✅</td><tr><td>`removeAttribute()`</td><td>✅</td><tr><td>`hasAttribute()`</td><td>✅</td><tr><td>`attachShadow()`</td><td>✅</td><tr><td>`getAttribute()`</td><td>✅</td></tr></tbody></table> |
| `Document` | ⚠️ Partial <table><tbody><tr><td>`adoptedStyleSheets`</td><td>⚠️ Getter only returning `[]`</td><tr><td>`createTreeWalker()`</td><td>⚠️ Returns `{}`</td><tr><td>`createTextNode()`</td><td>⚠️ Returns `{}`</td><tr><td>`createElement()`</td><td>⚠️ Returns `{}`</td></tr></tbody></table> |
| `document` | Instance of `Document` |
| `cssStyleSheet` | ⚠️ Partial <table><tbody><tr><td>`replace()`</td><td>⚠️ No op</td></tr></tbody></table> |
| `ShadowRoot` | ⚠️ Empty class |
| `CustomElementRegistry` | <table><tbody><tr><td>`define()`</td><td>✅</td></tr><tr><td>`get()`</td><td>✅</td></tr></tbody></table> |
| `customElements` | Instance of `CustomElementRegistry` |
| `btoa()` | ✅ |

> | `fetch()` | `node-fetch` |

Reviewer 2: For now it's still using `node-fetch`, but this might change in the future. We can update the docs at that time, though.
